ADDING A TOPIC TO base_<topic>.png
==================================

The base layer already contains everything that must never change: the five row
background stripes, the five liquid waves, the title and the Healthness logo.
The waves are the animated part, and the animation reads them from
ribbon_mask.png, which was authored from this exact geometry. If a wave moves by
even a few pixels, the mask no longer fits and the video breaks.

So the generator's job is only to ADD: a bowl on the left of every row and an
organ on the right. No text of any kind - the title is drawn into the base and
the row captions go on afterwards with add_labels.py.

Attach the base for the topic (base_<topic>.png, not base_layer.png) and use the
prompt below.


GEOMETRY OF THE BASE LAYER  (1536 x 2752)

  waves span x 229-1289          = 15% to 84% of the width
  row 1 wave  y  491- 702        row stripes start at 412, 825, 1238, 1649, 2063
  row 2 wave  y  904-1115        each stripe 413 tall
  row 3 wave  y 1317-1527
  row 4 wave  y 1729-1940
  row 5 wave  y 2142-2353
  title                          y ~160-368, drawn into the base
  logo                           y ~2494-2576, centred

  guide circles   r 137, centred x 250 and x 1270, one per row over each wave tip
  caption bars    380 x 78, centred under each circle, 20px below it

  Both tips of the wave sit on a circle centre, within a pixel, so a bowl that
  fills its circle takes the liquid in at its middle.

  The bowl fills the left circle, the organ the right one. The caption bars stay
  empty: add_labels.py writes into them.

  The safe area in the prompt is one FOURTEENTH of the width, not one tenth.
  The circles reach x 112 and x 1408, and one tenth is 154 - so a tenth tells the
  model to keep the bowl out of the very circle it is told to fill, and it obeys
  the sentence rather than the mark. A fourteenth is 110, just outside them.


=== THE PROMPT ===  (fill the five rows, paste with base_<topic>.png attached)

Use the attached image as the finished background. Add elements on top of it.

DO NOT CHANGE THE ATTACHED IMAGE. The five coloured liquid waves are already drawn and are final: do not move them, do not redraw them, do not restyle them, do not change their shape, their length, their thickness, their colour or their gloss, and do not extend or shorten them. The five row background colours and the Healthness logo at the bottom are also final and stay exactly as they are. Add no droplets, no splashes, no spray, no sparkles, no glows, no shadows and no particles anywhere in the image.

THE TITLE IS ALREADY IN THE IMAGE. Do not add a title, a subtitle or a heading.

ADD NO TEXT OF ANY KIND. No labels, no captions, no words under the bowls or the organs, nothing at all. Text is added later, outside the generator.

EACH ROW HAS TWO FAINT CIRCLES and, under each circle, A FAINT BAR. THE CIRCLES AND THE BARS ARE ALIGNMENT MARKS, NOT ARTWORK. They are not part of the design and they must not appear in the finished image in any form. Place the bowl centred in the left circle and the organ centred in the right circle, each large enough to cover its mark completely.

DO NOT REPLACE A CIRCLE WITH ANYTHING ROUND. Do not paint a disc, a plate, a panel, a badge, a sticker background, a lighter patch, a halo or a vignette behind the bowl or behind the organ. Wherever the bowl or the organ does not reach, the row's flat background colour must show through unchanged, exactly the colour it is in the attached image, right up to the edge of the food and the edge of the organ.

THIS APPLIES TO THE ORGAN AS MUCH AS TO THE BOWL. The organ is not an illustration inside a circle: it is cut out along its own outline, and the row colour touches that outline the whole way round. A pale round field the size of the mark, with the organ drawn inside it, is the single most common way this poster comes back wrong. If the organ will not read without a backing, draw it smaller - never on a plate.

The bars are reserved for text that is added later: keep them completely clear, do not cover them with the bowl, the organ or anything else, and do not draw on them. The bowl and the organ both END ABOVE THE BAR - they do not touch it, do not hang over its top edge, and do not overlap it by even a few pixels. If a bowl or an organ is too big to sit clear of the bar, draw it smaller.

ALL THE FOOD IS INSIDE THE BOWL. Nothing is spilled, scattered, resting or arranged on the row beside it: no loose pieces, no crumbs, no shards, no stray fruit, no ingredients on a surface. A piece of food outside the bowl lands on the bar the caption needs and covers the word.

KEEP EVERYTHING INSIDE THE SAFE AREA. Nothing may come closer than one fourteenth of the width to the left or the right edge of the poster - at 1536 wide, nothing may cross x=110 on the left or x=1426 on the right. That strip is what a vertical feed crops, and the edge of a bowl or an organ drawn into it is simply lost.

Every one of the five bowls is a clear, colourless glass bowl, and every one is shot from a low three-quarter angle. Not one of them is seen from above, and not one of them is ceramic, opaque, painted or coloured.

Every one of the five organs is three-dimensional, like the bowls: a render with real volume and a visible near side, lit from the same direction as the bowl, turned slightly towards the viewer. Not one of them is a flat medical diagram, a textbook cross-section drawing or a line illustration, and not one of them is an object or a model - each is living tissue, part of a body.

Row 1: a clear glass bowl of <FOOD 1>, seen from a low three-quarter angle in perspective, its rim an ellipse and the side of the bowl clearly visible, the food heaped above the rim. Organ: <ORGAN 1>, modelled in three dimensions with real volume and the same lighting as the bowl.

Row 2: a clear glass bowl of <FOOD 2>, seen from a low three-quarter angle in perspective, its rim an ellipse and the side of the bowl clearly visible, the food heaped above the rim. Organ: <ORGAN 2>, modelled in three dimensions with real volume and the same lighting as the bowl.

Row 3: a clear glass bowl of <FOOD 3>, seen from a low three-quarter angle in perspective, its rim an ellipse and the side of the bowl clearly visible, the food heaped above the rim. Organ: <ORGAN 3>, modelled in three dimensions with real volume and the same lighting as the bowl.

Row 4: a clear glass bowl of <FOOD 4>, seen from a low three-quarter angle in perspective, its rim an ellipse and the side of the bowl clearly visible, the food heaped above the rim. Organ: <ORGAN 4>, modelled in three dimensions with real volume and the same lighting as the bowl.

Row 5: a clear glass bowl of <FOOD 5>, seen from a low three-quarter angle in perspective, its rim an ellipse and the side of the bowl clearly visible, the food heaped above the rim. Organ: <ORGAN 5>, modelled in three dimensions with real volume and the same lighting as the bowl.

The liquid leaves each bowl at its near rim on the right-hand side. The bowls and organs are photorealistic and cleanly cut out, with no glow and no cast shadow. Keep every wave fully visible between its bowl and its organ.

=== END OF PROMPT ===


WHY THE PROMPT LOOKS REPETITIVE

Every line of it was paid for once.

- The camera angle is stated twice: once for all five bowls, then again inside
  every row. Said only at the top it holds for the first row or two and the rest
  come out flat, seen straight down - a disc of food, not a bowl. Said only in
  the rows it is ignored as decoration. Both, and all five are in perspective.
- "its rim an ellipse and the side of the bowl clearly visible, the food heaped
  above the rim" is the same instruction made checkable. A three-quarter angle is
  a phrase the model can nod at; an elliptical rim and a visible side wall are
  things it either draws or does not.
- The bowl's material is named in every row too. "A bowl of walnuts" lets the
  model pick: the liver poster came back with clear glass, the lungs one with
  opaque ceramic in five different colours, off the same wording. Glass is the one
  that sits next to a liquid without competing with it, so it is stated, not left
  to the roll.
- The organs are asked for as 3D twice, for the same reason the bowls are. Left
  to itself the generator reaches for the textbook: a flat anatomical diagram or
  a cross-section drawing, which beside a rendered bowl and a glossy wave looks
  pasted on from another document.
- The no-text rule is split in two - the title, then everything else. Combined in
  one paragraph the model reads it as being about the heading only and still puts
  a word under each bowl.
- The bars are described in the same breath as the circles, because they are the
  same kind of mark: one to fill, one to leave alone. Mentioned in a paragraph of
  their own they get treated as part of the background and covered.
- "No part of the circle is still visible" is not enough on its own, and cost a
  poster to learn. Google Flow satisfied it by painting a bright disc over the
  circle and standing the bowl on that - the mark was gone, and a plate had taken
  its place. Every dark row of the thyroid poster came back with a light lavender
  plate behind its bowl and its organ, 140 to 155 levels off the base, which no
  threshold catches without eating the bowl. So the circles are now named as
  alignment marks that are not artwork, and the sentence after it forbids the
  replacement by name. Saying what must disappear is only half of it; the other
  half is saying that nothing may take its place.


WHY THERE IS NO NEGATIVE PROMPT

There was one until 8 September and it was removed on the user's report: the
generator sometimes deletes what the base drew - the reserved caption bars among
them - and the separate negative field is where that comes from. The list said
`text, letters, caption, label, title` and `changed logo`, while the body of the
same prompt says the title is already in the image, the logo is final and the
bars are reserved and must be left completely clear. Handed both, a generator can
read the negative field as permission to remove exactly those things.

The body carries all of it already, and carries it in context: DO NOT CHANGE THE
ATTACHED IMAGE, THE TITLE IS ALREADY IN THE IMAGE, ADD NO TEXT OF ANY KIND, the
paragraph on circles and plates, the one on bowls and the one on organs. Those
name what is there and say what may not happen to it. A bare noun in a negative
field names the same thing with none of that, and the tool is free to decide the
noun itself is unwanted.

Do not add one back. If a generation comes back wrong, the fix is a sentence in
the body that names the thing and its place - which is what every entry in
flow.md's "what is already known to break" turned out to be.


AFTER GENERATING

Check the wave before animating, from work/ - the tools are the engine's and
are called by path, never copied in (../CLAUDE.md rule 1):

    ../.venv/bin/python ../../engine/check_base.py <topic>_poster.png \
        --base ../INPUT/base_<topic>.png

It reports how far each wave has drifted from the base layer. Under about two
pixels the authored mask still fits. Above that, regenerate rather than animate:
the animation cannot correct a wave the generator has redrawn.
