ADDING A TOPIC TO base_<topic>.png
==================================

TWO MODES, AND THEY WANT DIFFERENT PROMPTS AND DIFFERENT BASES.

  SCENE MODE   (from 8 September 2026, and what the user asked for)
      Every row becomes a photograph of the place the lift happens - a gym at
      night, a bright loft, a studio, a street - with the athlete in the room and
      the liquid coming out of the movement. Build the base WITHOUT left_disc.py:
      in this mode the circles are alignment marks the photograph is painted over,
      not a disc anybody stands in. The prompt is the first one below.

  CIRCLE MODE   (the first thirteen topics)
      The athlete stands in a drawn disc in the row's own wave colour, cut out on
      the row's flat colour. left_disc.py draws that disc into the base. The
      prompt is the second one below.

`render.sh` decides which one a poster is by measuring it rather than by being
told: the left margin of each row stripe is the one place a circle-mode poster
never draws, and it differs from the base by 1.1-2.3 there against 26-114 for a
photograph. In scene mode it turns off the two base-repair passes, the lifter
silhouette search and the row-coloured disc under the body, all four of which are
right in the other mode and wrong here.

The base layer already contains everything that must never change: the five row
background stripes, the five liquid waves, the title and the Healthness logo.
The waves are the animated part, and the animation reads them from
ribbon_mask.png, which was authored from this exact geometry. If a wave moves by
even a few pixels, the mask no longer fits and the video breaks.

In the food version the generator drew both ends of every row: a bowl on the
left and an organ on the right. Here it draws ONLY THE LEFT: the lift being
performed. The right circle holds the body with its working muscles lit, and
that is drawn by bodymap.py rather than asked for.

That is the one structural difference between the two versions, and it is not a
convenience. Five rows whose bodies disagree about where the lats are is five
different bodies, and the comparison the whole clip is about - this lift hits
that, the next one hits this - does not survive it. An image model cannot draw
the same anatomy twice, so it is not asked to, for the same reason it is not
asked to redraw the wave.

So the generator's job is only to ADD the athlete on the left of every row. No
text of any kind - the title is drawn into the base and the row captions go on
afterwards with add_labels.py.

Attach the base for the topic (base_<topic>.png, not base_layer.png) and use the
prompt below.


GEOMETRY OF THE BASE LAYER  (1536 x 2752)

  waves span x 229-1289          = 15% to 84% of the width
  row 1 wave  y  491- 702        row stripes start at 412, 825, 1238, 1649, 2063
  row 2 wave  y  904-1115        each stripe 413 tall
  row 3 wave  y 1317-1527
  row 4 wave  y 1729-1940
  row 5 wave  y 2142-2353
  title                          y ~160-368, drawn into the base
  logo                           y ~2494-2576, centred

  guide circles   r 137, centred x 250 and x 1270, one per row over each wave tip
  caption bars    380 x 78, centred under each circle, 20px below it

  Both tips of the wave sit on a circle centre, within a pixel, so a figure that
  fills the left circle takes the liquid out of the lift at its middle.

  LEFT circle   a filled disc in the colour of that row's own wave, drawn into
                the base by left_disc.py. The athlete stands in it, and the
                liquid then leaves a circle of its own colour - which is what
                the bowl does in the food version. The generator only adds the
                athlete; the circle is not its to draw, recolour or replace.
  RIGHT circle  the body map. Drawn by bodymap.py over a disc that covers the
                circle exactly. LEAVE IT ALONE.
  caption bars  add_labels.py writes into them. Leave them alone.

  The safe area in the prompt is one FOURTEENTH of the width, not one tenth.
  The circles reach x 112 and x 1408, and one tenth is 154 - so a tenth tells the
  model to keep the athlete out of the very circle it is told to fill, and it
  obeys the sentence rather than the mark. A fourteenth is 110, just outside them.


=== THE PROMPT, SCENE MODE ===  (fill the five rows, attach base_<topic>.png)

Use the attached image as the base. Keep everything I list as final and replace only what I ask for.

THE FIVE COLOURED LIQUID WAVES ARE FINAL AND MUST NOT CHANGE. Do not move them, do not redraw them, do not restyle them, do not change their shape, their length, their thickness, their colour or their gloss. Do not turn them into splashes, spray, droplets, mist or particles. Do not add a glow, a halo, a shadow or a reflection around them. They must come back pixel for pixel where they are now - everything else in the image is being replaced around them.

THE WAVES ON THE SECOND AND FOURTH ROWS ARE DARK AND SIT ON A LIGHT BACKGROUND. That contrast is deliberate. Do not lighten them, do not tint them towards the background and do not harmonise the image: they come back exactly the colour they are now, and exactly as dark as they are now.

THE TITLE AT THE TOP AND THE LOGO AT THE BOTTOM ARE FINAL. Do not redraw, move or restyle either. ADD NO TEXT OF ANY KIND: no labels, no captions, no numbers, no watermarks. All text is added later, outside the generator.

REPLACE EACH OF THE FIVE HORIZONTAL BANDS WITH A PHOTOGRAPH. Each band is a full-bleed photographic scene that fills its band from the left edge to the right edge and from its top edge to its bottom edge, running behind the liquid wave. The five bands are five separate photographs with a clean horizontal cut between them - they do not blend into each other.

KEEP EACH BAND'S LIGHTNESS EXACTLY AS IT IS NOW. Bands 1, 3 and 5 are dark and their photographs must be dark overall - night, shadow, deep tone. Bands 2 and 4 are light and their photographs must be light overall - bright, airy, pale. This is not a style preference: text is added afterwards in a fixed colour and a band that changes its lightness loses its caption.

EACH BAND CONTAINS TWO FAINT GREY CIRCLES AND TWO FAINT GREY BARS. These are alignment marks, not artwork. The photograph is painted over all four of them, so that none of them is left anywhere in the finished image. Do not replace a mark with a plain disc, a white circle, a dark circle, a blurred patch or a soft glow - there must simply be photograph there, continuous with the scene around it, as if the marks had never existed.

THE ATHLETE OF EACH ROW IS AT THE FAR LEFT, HIS CENTRE ABOUT ONE SIXTH OF THE IMAGE WIDTH IN FROM THE LEFT EDGE - where the faint circle is now. He is the biggest thing in his band and he fills most of the band's height. He is part of the photograph and bleeds into the scene: no circle, no disc, no frame, no vignette and no border behind him. Do not centre him, and do not let anything else in the band compete with him.

THE LIQUID MUST LOOK LIKE IT COMES OUT OF THE MOVEMENT. The coloured wave begins with a blunt cut about one sixth of the way in, and that cut must not be visible in the finished image: place the athlete so the wave's left end passes behind him or into him, and so the two overlap for a good distance rather than merely touching. Where they meet, the light in the scene matches the wave's colour exactly - the lit haze, the LED strip, the glow off the equipment is the colour of the wave it feeds. The band must read as one continuous thing: a scene the liquid pours out of, never a photograph with a graphic lying on top of it.

THERE IS EXACTLY ONE ATHLETE IN EACH BAND AND HE IS AT THE FAR LEFT. Do not repeat him, do not show him a second time further right, and do not put a second person anywhere in the band. DO NOT DRAW ANY OBJECT IN THE RIGHT THIRD OF A BAND - no person, no equipment, no bar, no frame, no ring, no diagram, no machine, no glow, and no circular patch of light, vignette or spotlight of any kind. The right third is the photograph's own plain background and nothing else: bare wall, bare floor, empty room, open sky. Finished artwork is placed over it later.

KEEP THE BOTTOM FIFTH OF EACH BAND QUIET, AND QUIET MEANS ONE EVEN TONE ALL THE WAY ACROSS. On a dark band that strip is dark from the left edge to the right edge; on a light band it is bright from edge to edge. One unbroken surface - an even floor, plain ground, a plain mat, a plain wall - with no equipment, no bench, no plate, no lit object, no lamp, no bright patch, no shadow and no edge crossing it. Captions are placed there afterwards in one fixed colour, and a bright patch the width of a hand is enough to delete the word that lands on it while the rest of the strip goes on looking calm.

LEAVE THE BAND BELOW THE LAST ROW EMPTY, between the bottom row and the logo. Nothing goes there.

The photographs are realistic, cinematic and shot on a real camera: shallow depth of field, natural or practical light, one clear subject, no studio backdrop, no illustration, no 3D render, no stock-photo staging.

Row 1 (dark - <the room, one light, deep shadow everywhere else>): <the athlete at the far left, seen from a low three-quarter angle, doing LIFT 1, caught at a checkable instant - and what it is not>. <What the light does as it carries rightwards, in the wave's colour.> <Everything else is deep shadow - what.> <Along the bottom of the band, one even tone edge to edge - what, and what is not on it; the right half of the band is empty what.>

Row 2 (light - THIS MUST BE ONE OF THE TWO BRIGHTEST BANDS ON THE IMAGE): <same five parts, and the room is bright>

Row 3 (dark - <the room, one light>): <same five parts>

Row 4 (light - THIS MUST BE THE OTHER BRIGHT BAND, bright and airy throughout): <same five parts>

Row 5 (dark - <the room, one light>): <same five parts>

=== END OF PROMPT ===


=== THE PROMPT, CIRCLE MODE ===  (fill the five rows, attach base_<topic>.png)

Use the attached image as the finished background. Add elements on top of it.

DO NOT CHANGE THE ATTACHED IMAGE. The five coloured liquid waves are already drawn and are final: do not move them, do not redraw them, do not restyle them, do not change their shape, their length, their thickness, their colour or their gloss, and do not extend or shorten them. The five row background colours and the Healthness logo at the bottom are also final and stay exactly as they are. Add no droplets, no splashes, no spray, no sparkles, no glows, no shadows and no particles anywhere in the image.

THE TITLE IS ALREADY IN THE IMAGE. Do not add a title, a subtitle or a heading.

ADD NO TEXT OF ANY KIND. No labels, no captions, no words under the athletes, nothing at all. Text is added later, outside the generator.

EACH ROW HAS A FILLED COLOURED CIRCLE ON THE LEFT, a faint circle on the right, and under each of them A FAINT BAR. Add one thing per row and one only: the athlete, standing INSIDE the filled coloured circle on the left, his body filling it and cropped by its edge, the way food sits in a bowl. THE COLOURED CIRCLE IS ALREADY FINISHED ARTWORK: keep its colour and its size exactly as they are, do not recolour it, do not resize it, do not put a white or black photo background behind the athlete, and do not draw a second circle anywhere. THE RIGHT CIRCLE IS ALREADY FINISHED ARTWORK. Do not draw anything in the right circle, do not put a person, a body, a diagram, a dumbbell or any object there, and do not draw anything in the empty space around it. The bars under the circles are reserved for text that is added later: keep them completely clear and do not draw on them.

KEEP EVERYTHING INSIDE THE SAFE AREA. Nothing may come closer than one fourteenth of the width to the left or the right edge of the poster.

Every one of the five athletes is photographed from a low three-quarter angle, at the hardest moment of the rep, with the working muscle visibly under load. Not one of them is seen flat from the side, and not one of them is standing still between reps.

Row 1: an athlete performing <LIFT 1>, seen from a low three-quarter angle, caught at the hardest point of the rep, the working muscle under visible tension, the equipment fully in frame.

Row 2: an athlete performing <LIFT 2>, seen from a low three-quarter angle, caught at the hardest point of the rep, the working muscle under visible tension, the equipment fully in frame.

Row 3: an athlete performing <LIFT 3>, seen from a low three-quarter angle, caught at the hardest point of the rep, the working muscle under visible tension, the equipment fully in frame.

Row 4: an athlete performing <LIFT 4>, seen from a low three-quarter angle, caught at the hardest point of the rep, the working muscle under visible tension, the equipment fully in frame.

Row 5: an athlete performing <LIFT 5>, seen from a low three-quarter angle, caught at the hardest point of the rep, the working muscle under visible tension, the equipment fully in frame.

The athletes are photorealistic and cleanly cut out, in plain dark training kit, with no gym background, no floor, no glow and no cast shadow. The liquid leaves each athlete at the right-hand side. Keep every wave fully visible between the athlete and the right circle.

=== END OF PROMPT ===


WHY THE PROMPT LOOKS REPETITIVE   (the short version - PROMPTING.md is the long
                                   one, and carries what each line cost)

Most of it was paid for once, by the food version, and against the same
generator behaviours.

- The camera angle is stated twice: once for all five athletes, then again
  inside every row. Said only at the top it holds for the first row or two and
  the rest drift. Said only in the rows it is ignored as decoration.
- "caught at the hardest point of the rep, the working muscle under visible
  tension" is the same instruction made checkable, the way "its rim an ellipse
  and the side of the bowl clearly visible" was for the bowls. A dynamic pose is
  a phrase the model can nod at; the bottom of a squat is a thing it either
  draws or does not.
- The no-text rule is split in two - the title, then everything else. Combined in
  one paragraph the model reads it as being about the heading only and still puts
  a word under each figure.
- The bars are described in the same breath as the circles, because they are the
  same kind of mark: one to fill, one to leave alone.
- The right circle is called FINISHED ARTWORK rather than "empty". The circles
  work as instructions because the model fills what it can see, which is exactly
  why an empty one on the right is a standing invitation. Naming it as already
  done, and then listing what not to put there, is the strongest form available
  without redrawing the base.

  There is a safety net underneath it, and it was measured rather than assumed.
  flowanim.py restores the right circle to the clean base wherever the poster
  still matches, then paints the body's disc over the full circle radius at 0.97
  alpha. Rendering a poster with a white blob filling every right circle, and
  diffing it against the same poster without them:

      inside the circle      3-13 levels of residual, 25 px above 15 in all
      at the circle's edge   up to 40 levels, on about 180 px

  So a stray organ INSIDE the circle is gone - three per cent of it survives, and
  three per cent of white on a near-black row is a couple of levels. Something
  straddling the EDGE is not: it survives where it overhangs, and it also shifts
  the wave's tip a little, because the ribbon geometry and the pinned-artwork
  pass are both computed from the poster. That case is a regeneration.


WHY THERE IS NO NEGATIVE PROMPT

There was one here until 8 September 2026 and it was doing harm. It listed
`text, letters, caption, label, title` and `changed logo` while the body of the
same prompt says the title is already in the image, the logo is final, and the
bars under the circles are reserved for text added later and must be left clear.
Handed both, a generator can read the negative field as permission to remove
exactly what the base drew - the caption bars among them.

The body carries every one of those prohibitions already, and carries them in
context: it names what is there and what it is. That is the difference between
"the title is already drawn, do not add another" and the bare noun "title".
PROMPTING.md has the long version.

If some specific failure turns out to have been held back only by that list, it
is a finding worth reporting - not a reason to put the block back.


AFTER GENERATING

Check the wave before animating:

    ../.venv/bin/python ../../engine/check_base.py new_poster.png --base base_<topic>.png

It reports how far each wave has drifted from the base layer. Under about two
pixels the authored mask still fits. Above that, regenerate rather than animate:
the animation cannot correct a wave the generator has redrawn.

Then look at the right circles by eye. The wave check does not cover them, and
what the safety net can and cannot absorb is the paragraph above.
